FEATURES.md, before:

# Features Docs

There is one thing that is more important than every feature or crazy idea that I have here. It all needs

## Goals Helper
You can set a Goal of focus for each part of your day, like: If you want to have 3 hours of focus from 9AM to 12:30PM (midday), you can set this goal and the timer will automatically adjust the Timers for you using math functions. And you can set more than 1 "Goals Helper" to your day.
And in addition you can enable the website to send Notifications and set the inactivity period that you want the Pomotracker-Club to Warn you of your Goals (The notifications can contain random motivational phrases).

## Tasks to Focus On
It's basically a CRUD, and to create a new task you just need to fill this fields:
- Task Name / Title
- Task Description (If you need)
- Select a Color to this task
- (Only if you know how much time you want to focus on) Set the quantity of pomodoro timers need to finish this task.
- There could be a Drag and Drop system where you can drag and drop the tasks and put the next one above the others and it will starts automatically after ends you actual task Pomo quotas.
Then I want to create a sub-tasks system, sometimes we need to develop some feature but there are a lot of other "sub-features" that we need to focus on, so I want the possibility to create and manage sub-tasks.

### Sub-tasks
You should be able to attach a sub-task to a task, and you should be able to attach links and additional text too.


## Reports
The reports will only be available when I create the back-end for this application. But there we will save your data anonymously and you will decide what to do with it. Maybe on the future you can go to settings and click on "Reports with Insights by AI" and we retrieve your data plus some insights by AI on where you need to focus more.
Anyway, the website will store the following data:
[ ] - Pomodoro (Focused time)
[ ] - Short Breaks (You can do as many short breaks as you want, so we will store it too for you)
[ ] - Long Breaks (same reason as Short Breaks)
[ ] - Time spent without using any of these timers (So if you was on the screen but you were not using any of the timers we will collect it too - Here it deserves a say that it will be entirely anonymously stored)
[ ] - How much Tasks and Sub-Tasks you had focused on
[ ] - Time you spent in each Tasks and Sub-Tasks

Commit message:

Doing a lot of things, like including more stuff to the FEATURES.md file on the Tasks section + Starting to define the way that Tasks will work and be created

FEATURES.md, after:

# Features Docs

There is one thing that is more important than every feature or crazy idea that I have here. It all needs

## Goals Helper
You can set a Goal of focus for each part of your day, like: If you want to have 3 hours of focus from 9AM to 12:30PM (midday), you can set this goal and the timer will automatically adjust the Timers for you using math functions. And you can set more than 1 "Goals Helper" to your day.
And in addition you can enable the website to send Notifications and set the inactivity period that you want the Pomotracker-Club to Warn you of your Goals (The notifications can contain random motivational phrases).

## Tasks to Focus On
It's basically a CRUD, and to create a new task you just need to fill this fields:
- Task Name / Title
- Task Description (If you need)
- Select a Color to this task
- (Only if you know how much time you want to focus on) Set the quantity of pomodoro timers need to finish this task.
- There could be a Drag and Drop system where you can drag and drop the tasks and put the next one above the others and it will starts automatically after ends you actual task Pomo quotas.
Then I want to create a sub-tasks system, sometimes we need to develop some feature but there are a lot of other "sub-features" that we need to focus on, so I want the possibility to create and manage sub-tasks.

### Sub-tasks
You should be able to attach a sub-task to a task, and you should be able to attach links and additional text too.

### Goals Helper + Tasks
It would be nice to have something that calculates the time for the pomodoro and breaks when you change to a task that have "Estimated hours" instead of "Estimated pomodoros", so when you have "Estimated hours" it will calculate automatically to make sure that you doesn't work more than 45/50 minutes to do a break and continue from there. This way you dont need to be setting the timer for your desired amount every time, and maybe it would be nice if you could define a different Pomodoro pattern for every task.


## Reports
The reports will only be available when I create the back-end for this application. But there we will save your data anonymously and you will decide what to do with it. Maybe on the future you can go to settings and click on "Reports with Insights by AI" and we retrieve your data plus some insights by AI on where you need to focus more.
Anyway, the website will store the following data:
[ ] - Pomodoro (Focused time)
[ ] - Short Breaks (You can do as many short breaks as you want, so we will store it too for you)
[ ] - Long Breaks (same reason as Short Breaks)
[ ] - Time spent without using any of these timers (So if you was on the screen but you were not using any of the timers we will collect it too - Here it deserves a say that it will be entirely anonymously stored)
[ ] - How much Tasks and Sub-Tasks you had focused on
[ ] - Time you spent in each Tasks and Sub-Tasks
